Hello, everyone. Welcome to a new episode of the
Di Center. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lobsson
today I'm by Dr. Anna Ivanova. She's assistant professor
in the School of Psychology at Georgia Tech. And
today we're talking about topics like language from the
perspective of cognitive neuroscience, large language models, the language
of programming. And related topics. So, Doctor Ivanova, welcome
to the show. It's a huge pleasure to everyone.
Thank you. Thank you for inviting me. So,
uh, let me start by asking you this. How
do you approach language from the perspective of cognitive
neuroscience?
Well, So I'm interested in language as a cognitive
capacity, and I'm interested in the human brain, and
so to me it was kind of natural to
say, hey, how do these two work together? How
does the combination of cells that we have in
our head, the brain, carry out language? And these
days we have uh some really cool useful tools
that allow us to measure brain activity. For a
few decades now, we've had EEG which can measure
electrical activity from outside the scalp, and then since
the 90s, we have functional MRI or fMRI which
allows us to measure blood flow to different parts
of the brain and so essentially the parts of
the brain that are engaged in a Particular cognitive
process use up oxygen and glucose. Blood comes there
to um bring more of those nutrients and so
that's how we know which parts of the brain
are responding to different kinds of tasks. And so
in principle, what we can do is we can
put somebody in an MRI machine and give them
some sentences to read or to listen to or
ask them to talk and then see which parts
of. Their brain are engaged when they are listening
to language, reading language or producing language.
And how does language relate to other aspects of
human cognition?
Yeah, so that's where the difficult part comes in.
So we can put the person in the scanner,
give them a task and uh Just because we
have brain responses to the task doesn't mean we've
isolated a neural signature of a particular cognitive trait.
So if we have a person reading sentences, then
of course there are all kinds of other processes
that get involved for, I mean, most basically vision,
right? You need to see the letters in order
to respond to them and so of course if
you're reading you. Would have your visual cortex um
active and working as well. And, you know, I'm
basic kind of maybe, you know, neural mechanisms that
require you to pay attention and stay on task
and not just wander off. So, uh, language obviously
is interrelated to all kinds of other cognitive processes
and so we want to be able to Separate
out different components of cognition and also to figure
out how they all work together. So, the most
basic thing we can do is we can say
other parts of the brain that respond to language
during reading and say during listening, right? So reading
involve engages the visual cortex, listening involves the auditory
cortex. Is there something shared between them? And it
turns out, yes, it turns out that there is
a set of regions in the brain which we
call the language network that is responsible, that responds
to language during both reading and listening and speaking,
and we have some um early evidence that even
sign languages activate that network, so it's not just
about spoken languages as we know them. And this
network, uh, as far as we know, responds to.
Um, ALL the languages that a person might know,
right? So it's not going to respond to a
language that you don't understand, but if you speak
two or three or more languages, that network will
respond to all of them. So this is evidence
that um Uh, my PhD adviser F Dorenko has
been collecting for the past 10 years and uh
we've put out a review paper about the language
network recently suggesting that hey, you should treat languages
separate from other aspects of perception, right, like vision
and audition. And we also say, hey, we you
should treat language differently from other parts of higher
level cognition as well. So, some of the uh
theories um a decade or two ago were saying,
hey, language is the symbolic system that allows us
to compose symbols uh referring to abstract entities in
the world, and that all makes sense, uh, and
so people thought, hey, those regions in the brain
that respond to language, maybe they're just going to
respond to all kinds of abstract compositional systems. That
means not just language, it also means math, and
that means music, musical notation. It turns out that
the language network doesn't respond to those other kinds
of abstract symbolic systems. It seems that whatever computations
it performs, um, they are specific to natural languages.
We have other parts of the brain, other networks
that are involved in other kinds of cognitive processes.
For example, we have the so-called multiple demand network
or the front parietal network that was that is
engaged in mathematical reasoning, basic arithmetic, logical reasoning, may
uh maybe executive planning, planning out your steps, um,
working memory tasks, and so that multiple demand network.
Uh, CAN work together with the language network, let's
say I am, I give you a math problem
that's written in words, you would first need to
extract the meaning of the words, then solve it,
so these networks can work together, but they're not
the same thing.
And this language associated with all cognitive tasks in
the human brains or not?
Well, You can imagine me giving you a math
problem in words, or you, uh I can uh
give you a math problem. And just, you know,
symbols, plain mathematical notation 2 + 3 equals question
mark, and um if the problem is not formulated
in language, then it's not going to activate the
language regions. So it really seems that these language
areas are specific to language processing specifically, but if
the task doesn't involve language explicitly, then uh you
don't need language.
Uh, AND for example, this is something I read
about in your work, is the language system recruited
in feature-based categorization? And what, by the way, what
is feature-based categorization?
Yeah, so the. Before, um. I joined a lab,
uh, she had already established that uh that language
does not share activations with math and music. But
there was another domain, uh, which is where I
do most of my work, uh, including now, which
is semantic cognition or basic world knowledge, so knowledge
of concepts and properties of um objects, actions, abstract
ideas. So let's say, um. Is a is a
pencil long would be an example. So in order
to answer that question, you need to retrieve something
about the pencil in this case its shape and
and say whether or not it's long. Um, ANOTHER
question would be, can it be commonly found in
the kitchen? Uh, AND there you need to know
what kind of things you would typically find in
the kitchen and the pencil is not really one
of them. So, these are questions that you can
ask about an object. Um I can say pencil
like I did right now. I can show you
a picture of a pencil and then show you,
uh, ask you all the same questions and you'll
be able hopefully to access the same concept and
uh answer those questions as well. And so If
I'm telling you the word pencil, and then I
ask, can it be found in the kitchen. Then
yeah, the language network will obviously respond to the
question itself, like as you are hearing the question,
and it will respond to the word pencil. But
will it um. Respond specifically when you're doing conceptual
processing, when you're accessing the concept of a pencil
and um trying to answer the question. So to
do that, we compare, uh we looked at uh
people's responses, not to the word pencil, but to
the picture of a pencil. They get the question
beforehand, then they see the picture of a pencil,
and they just press a button yeah for yes
or no. And the question was, you see a
pencil, you're thinking about whether it's found in the
kitchen, you say yes or no. Do you need
language to do that task? Turns out not really
and um essentially you can measure how strongly the
language network responds and it responds uh pretty much
uh like at baseline levels and not at all.
So we from that evidence, uh, conclude that the
Language network is not engaged in object categorization, and
in this particular case, we're talking about semantic categorization.
Are there any commonalities between how language, how written
language is processed in the brain versus how spoken
language is processed?
Yeah, I mean, the language network is the one
that is uh. Shared across with written and spoken
language modalities, right, as I mentioned earlier. So, uh,
the perceptual stages are different, but the majority of
linguistic processing is shared.
Right. And I mean, uh, you talked about the
language network. That means that language in the brain
is, is distributed, right? I mean, it's not really
localized because traditionally speaking, people have, uh, Talked about
or associated language, for example, with Brocazaria and verni
Azaria, but that, that's, uh, I mean, thinking about
languages, something that is localized in the brain is
outdated, right.
Well, Language. Is localized in the brain. In the
sense that um there are parts of the brain
that seem to be processing language and not other
things, right? So localization in the sense of specialization
of of function. It also is true that language
in the brain. Uh, THE language network tends to
occupy specific portions of the brain. It's not just
found anywhere in the cortex. So it is, um,
it often includes areas that are. In or adjacent
to what people would call Broca's area, so that's,
you know, inferior frontal lobe and vernicus area which
is posterior temporal lobe. So these areas are or
anatomical areas in these whereabouts are um usually part
of the language network, but they're not the only
ones. So for example in the temporal lobe which
usually a whole strip here of activity that we
see and in the frontal area there are also
um. A few activation hotspots. So they, so the
language network language processing is localized, just not the
one specific part of the brain. It is distributed
but pretty stable. So you will often be able
from just looking at the pattern of activation, say,
oh, that must be the language network. It has
a characteristic shape even though it's not in the
exact same spot from one person to another.
All right. Uh, WHAT is the brain decoding paradigm
in the neuroscientific study of language?
The um. What I've been talking to you about
so far is. The language network responses, right? So
how strongly or weakly it responds to a particular
task. You, in principle, we can go beyond that.
Uh, WE can say what kind of information does
these activation patterns contain? Can we decode what words
or sentences can um the person is listening to
or reading at any given point in time? And
so, what you can do is you can essentially
train a regression model between a representation of your
stimulus, like a word or a sentence, and brain
response in order to establish a corresponding mapping. You
can predict brain activity from that stimulus representation, that's
called an encoding model, or you can try to
predict which stimulus the person is seen from their
brain activity. That's called a decoding model. And so
that's just one step beyond simply looking at how
strongly a network or a region responds to a
particular stimulus. Now we're trying to get into the
specifics of what features it responds to and what
kinds of stimuli characteristics drive that response.
Does the brain represent words?
The The brain decoding paradigm can be used to
say, look, the brain represents words because you can
read them out. Um, SO that's kind of the
most basic idea of representation. But of course, representation
is a very um. Theoretically heavy concept that's been
discussed a lot in philosophy, what does it mean
to represent, so let's say you, um. Um, ARE
looking at a map, uh, and then you're saying
what the map represents the country, um, which might,
which, which is true, but the the representing really
happens in your mind. You're the one who's taking
the information, transforming it into something meaningful. The map
itself isn't doing any cognitive processing by itself. And
so these basic decoding approach is, uh, when you
trying to decode words from the brain, they're kind
of like a map where the brain isn't doing
anything in this particular decoding paradigm. It's as the
scientists are establishing that mapping. So whether the brain
itself is kind of weird doing any cognitive processing
any representation, it's kind of like irrelevant here. Now,
the question that people usually care about when it
comes to representations is not that, right? It's about,
does the brain internally represented uh represent the stimulus
for the brain's sake, not for our scientists sake.
And so there then the question would be, can
other parts of the brain use that representation, that
information that is encoded in a particular brain area?
So maybe the information is there and scientists can
read it out, but if other parts of the
brain can't really use it effectively, can't access it.
Properly then it's not really a representation from the
perspective of the brain. And so a nice way
of thinking about representations in neuroscience today is thinking
about usability. Can other parts of the brain use
that information to perform additional computation that then leads
to say action?
So in recent years, particularly in the world of
artificial intelligence, people have been talking a lot, a
lot about large language models and they have become
very prominent. So what are large language models?
Large language models share a lot of similarities with
the brain conceptually and so a lot of the
problems that we've talked about the separation between language
and cognition or even the issue of representation, we
started talking about them in neuroscience and now naturally
the same question. ARISE again in the world of
artificial intelligence and so as a um neuroscientist now
I find myself doing quite a bit of AI
work um and you know trying to figure out
what are our language models, how do they work
and asking some of the same questions I've been
asking about the brain. Um, LARGE language models are,
um, Language models. Language models means they are models
that generate language, so they are trained on um
texts from the internet, usually a lot of texts,
and the uh training that they undergo is trying
to predict the next word in a sentence. So
the um children went um to the park too.
Like, for example. And so the model starts out
with having really no information about language, it knows
nothing, and um the um it starts out by
essentially guessing randomly, right, picking out any word from
its vocabulary. And then what happens is because we
have the actual text, we know exactly which word
comes next. We know the right answer, and that
the model can receive the right answer and adjust
its predictions a little bit so that next time
its prediction will be a little bit closer to
the right answer. And so it keeps doing it
over and over and over and over billions of
times and uh in the end, its predictions become
pretty good. So there is no theory about language
built into the model, it learns everything from the
text. The architecture of that model is called a
deep neural network, which has some inspiration uh from
neuroscience and biological neurons, uh a little bit far
removed these days, but that's also a parallel with
with neuroscience there.
But do large language models understand language and what
does it really mean to understand language?
Yeah, that one is a million dollar question, and
it gets really philosophical really fast. So, as I
said, uh, these models are trained on next word
prediction. Right, so that's all they all they're trained
to do. So the question becomes in order to
predict the next word, well, do you need to
understand it or are you just picking out different
patterns? And yeah, these models are very good at
pattern matching. So, um, for example, um they learn
all kinds of things about English grammar, the children
are, they know that that's a more likely uh
phrase than the children is because R needs to
be plural to match the children. Does it mean
that they understand grammar? Well, It depends on your
definition of understanding, right? They don't, they don't need
a deep awareness, but if you can use that
information, if you can use that knowledge, you effectively
understand it, right? It's usable information. So we get
into deep philosophical territory here that if the system
acts as if it's. It understands is that good
enough for us or not? And I would say
for a lot of practical purposes when we think
about AI and how to use it in the
world, probably it is good enough, right? We don't
need to get too philosophical to say like if
it already acts as if it understands we can
effectively assimilate it understands.
But there's a distinction between formal competence and functional
competence. Formal competence being knowledge of linguistic rules and
patterns and functional competence, really understanding and using language
in the real. WORLD, right? I mean, tell us
more about that distinction, why it matters and whether
it applies to these debates surrounding, uh, AI or
large language models understanding language or not.
The formal versus functional competence distinction is a distinction
that my colleagues and I proposed when large language
models started coming out, we um started working on
that paper. Around the time or even before GPT
3 came out and uh that was 2 or
3 years before Chad GBT and then we finished
the paper around the time that Chad GPT was
coming out and so all of a sudden it
attracted a lot of attention so large language models
became kind of interesting for scientists first and we
were able to. Catch on to that and kind
of start thinking about how they work before they
took over the whole world, which is what we're
seeing today, and we thought that it might be
useful to think about these models from the perspective
of cognitive neuroscience, knowing what we know about language
in the brain. We know that in the brain,
language processing takes place in its own separate network,
the language network, and this. What the language that
does is different from what other systems do, so
the multiple demand network, for example, is the one
doing reasoning and basic math, and so they can
work together, but they are separate. And so it
seems like when we talk about large language models,
it is useful to separate out how good they
are at language from how good they are at
different kinds of reasoning and factual knowledge and the
ability to empathize with the person with the user,
like all kinds of things that you might kind
of put in the term general intelligence AGI. If
we say, look, it's useful to actually separate them
out because in humans different systems do them. In
these models, you might also end up different uh
with different subcomponents being responsible for these different functions,
and the formal competence is knowledge of language rules,
language grammar, language, um, the lexicon, so everything that
in humans, the language network does. And functional competence
is essentially everything else. It's the umbrella of all
the other systems that are not language specific, as
we discussed, you can solve a math problem without
involving language at all in the brain. But you
need those systems if you want a language agent
that uses language effectively and uses it to do
things in the world, to communicate effectively with the
user, so the a large language model, if you
give it a math problem in words, it needs
to be able to both understand the problem and
solve it, and so you might imagine that system
needing those different subcomponents to do both formal competence
and functional competence.
So it is, it is one thing for us
to try to study and understand how AI and
particularly large language models uh work and how they
process and possi. OR understand language, but it's another
thing for AI itself to be used to study
human language. So in what ways can we use
AI to study language?
So AI systems are. Um, REALLY good. Pattern matchers,
right, so yeah, if we're talking about kind of
the the main takeaway, right that people should know
about what. AI systems are today, they are pattern
matches. They match a lot of patterns very abstractly.
If they've seen a problem similar to the problem
that you're giving to them, they might be able
to solve that problem by kind of by analogy
by extrapolating that pattern that they've already learned before.
And uh it turns out that this pattern matching
capacity capability. IS extremely helpful for learning formal competence.
These days, large language models produce outputs that are
grammatical, at least in English and in languages where
they had a lot of training data. So if
the language is not very uh prominent in the
training data, that's when you might start seeing issues
with um even kind of grammatical rules, but for
uh for something like English, um, you. Never these
days hear complaints about the model making grammatical mistakes,
and that's really remarkable. It's something that people don't
really think about, but for decades, computer scientists have
been trying to build systems that generate language that
is grammatical and coherent and uh. They haven't been
successful up until now, so it's really a a
remarkable advance, a remarkable improvement. And so it helps
resolve some of the debates uh in the study
of language in linguistics, because linguistics for a while
there was this idea that it's actually impossible to
learn language from uh learning patterns that the That
linguistic information has to be genetically encoded in our
brains in the form of something called the universal
grammar, and there is no way to learn it
from the uh environment that it has to be
built in. Well, nothing like that is built into
large language models and yet they learn grammar successfully.
So they serve as an existence proof that it
is possible to learn language from the input. Now
there is a problem. The problem is they learn
from much more input, much more language than a
human child would ever be exposed to, right? So
in theory, in principle, it's possible to learn language,
but in practice so far these models just need
much more data. Uh, TO, to do that, uh,
and so now there are some efforts underway, for
example, a competition known as the Baby LM, uh,
Baby Language Model Challenge, uh, where they try to
train those models on the amount and kind of
language that a child would receive over the course
of learning. Now when it comes to functional competence,
that's a whole different matter. Functional competence seems to
be harder, formal competence, you need a lot of
language but not kind of insane amounts and functional
competence you need much more language, much bigger models.
They're still not very good. You need additionally um.
What's called fine tuning, which means specifically train them
on problems and the right answers and give them
feedback. Maybe you need to pair the large language
model with an additional module like, you know, a
calculator or a computer code uh shell in order
to make them better. So functional. It's still kind
of this big open frontier that these models aren't
very good at yet, but formal competence, they've seen,
they seem to have mastered fairly well. So now
we can go in and kind of study them
and see what they've learned and add these representations
inside these models similar to the human brain.
Does the language of programming have any parallels with
natural languages?
The language of programming. Is Something that um serves
kind of a like a benchmark that is similar
to, say, mathematical reasoning, uh, so a lot of
the time people think about it as. Um, Something
along the lines of math, logic, STEM education, computer
programming, and uh that makes sense. But then programming
languages have the word languages in them and so
they share some of the same. Some of the
important properties with natural languages. They have individual symbolic
units, um, the like variable names and function words,
and then they um They're composed into more complex
statements. And Then you have. You know, the brain
trying to interpret both of them, and even, you
know, a lot of uh programming languages use a
natural language script, so the analogy extends that far.
And so, uh, in our neuroscience work, we actually
asked our programming languages, similar to like natural languages
to the brain. Does the brain use the language
network to process programming language, just. And we found
out that, not really, we found out that um
it actually seems to be the multiple demand network
that does math and logic and um also seems
to be involved in programming language processing. So the
view uh. That Programming is more aligned with things
like math and logic does seem to be correct
or kind of faithful to how the brain represents
that information. Uh, THERE are some differences we found
that uh um both hemispheres uh in the brain
uh represent programming languages versus math is mostly on
the left, so it's not that it's not the
same but it it is broadly speaking. The same
network we think that is engaged in processing computer
code, so programming languages are not true languages from
the brain's perspective.
So, I would like to ask you about one
last topic you've written about, and I have two
questions about it. You've written about mapping models in
cognitive neuroscience and how people expect them to map
neatly onto the linear slash nonlinear divide. Uh, COULD
you explain this? I mean, particularly what mapping models
are in cognitive neuroscience? And what might be some
of the issues with this approach that I just
mentioned, there is people expecting them to map onto
the linear slash nonlinear divide.
Sure. Mapping models are what we earlier discussed in
the con uh as encoding and decoding models, right?
So encoding models try to predict brain responses to
uh some stimulus and its features. Decoding models try
to predict which stimulus the person is viewing from
the pattern of brain activity. So both of these
together are called mapping models, so they map between
the brain and the stimulus and so. What's been
particularly powerful with this paradigm in the last few
years is that now we can have a representation
of the stimulus that's pretty generic, and we actually
take it from a deep neural network. So in
the case of language, we can take it from
the um Large language model. So what happens is
we take a sentence, we uh record brain activity
of a person reading that sentence, would we then
give that same sentence to a large language model,
take an internal vector which uh reflects how the
large language model encodes information about that sentence, and
then we, we align the brain responses and the
large language model responses and try to predict one
from another. And so if we do that, if
we establish a successful mapping model, then we can
try to predict how the brain would respond to
a totally new sentence. We pass in a different
sentence, we get a large language model representation, and
then we use the mapping model to predict how
well, uh, how exactly the brain is going to
respond to that other sentence. And so if the
prediction is correct, then our mapping model is good.
It has established the right kind of relationship. And
then you can use this tool not only to
predict brain activity, but to start asking all kinds
of questions like which part of a large language
model best corresponds to a particular part of the
brain, which features seem to uh of a sentence
seem to be making the most difference, so it's
a really cool tool for them starting to ask
scientific questions. And uh the work that we've done
uh now a few years back, but it's still
relevant, is about what this mapping model should look
like, because you cannot just kind of take the
large language model vector and the brain vector and
immediately um kind of map them 1 to 1
because even the dimensions are not the same. So
what people are usually doing these days is to
use linear regression to map between the stimulus representation
and the brain. Linar regression, simple, basic, um, mathematical
tool, uh makes a lot of sense, but it
carries a lot of theoretical assumptions and, and so
we ended up diving a little bit deeper into
those theoretical assumptions to see. Do we want to
be using linear regression all of the time, not
all of the time? Is it too simple, is
it too complex, so just trying to think a
little bit more deeply about what, how to interpret
these brain responses to stimuli.
So I have my last question, which is one
more question about the same topic, uh. When choosing
a mapping model, you, in your work, you talk
about choosing them in the context of three overarching
rata, uh which include predictive accuracy, interpretability, and biological
plausibility. So tell us about that.
So when we think about the mapping model, different
people have advocated for. Or against linear regression for
different reasons, and so we thought it's useful to
spell out exactly what those reasons might be. One
reason is one kind of decision as to what
the mapping model should look like is, well, we
want a model that predicts brain responses accurately. If
the brain responses are not good enough. Um, EITHER
decoding or uh or either encoding or decoding, right,
either predicting brain response or predicting the stimulus or
some something else from the brain. So let's say
that your goal is to figure out what the
person is reading, what the person is thinking, um,
um, or you know, maybe you want to be
able to predict whether a person is. Going to
develop Alzheimer's or has some kind of neurological disorder,
right, you can do all kinds of things with
the decoding paradigm. And so if your goal is
maximizing productivity, building a mapping model that can uh
Predict as good as as you can make it,
then there is no reason to limit yourself to
something like a linear regression, then you might, you
just want to plug in the most powerful model
that you can, as long as you have enough
data and it actually will work and predict well.
So if you have a lot of data, then
again you can train a neural network uh instead
of just doing a regression in order to capture
more subtle nonlinear patterns in the data and uh
in fact today people are doing that some of
the time, uh, so, uh, if all you care,
if what you care about the most is how
predictive the model is, how well it predicts, then
no reason to just limit it yourself and stay
linear. But if you are making that mapping for
science reasons, if you wanna say, hey, this part
of a large language model corresponds to this part
of the brain, you want that correspondence to be
simpler. So there a linear relationship might make more
sense. Because if it's nonlinear, then a lot of
interesting things could happen in between in the mapping
model and for interpretability reasons you don't want that.
For interpretability reasons you want that link to be
as transparent as possible and the interesting stuff happening
in the LLM and in the brain. And then
the final uh reason why people have advocated for
using linear models is that that seems to be
similar to how the brain might be reading out
information. So we talked about representation and representations in
the brain, uh being um useful for uh other
parts of the brain, for other parts of the
brain to read out that representation. And so the
argument is, hey, other parts of the brain often
will read out information linearly. So if you only
are talking about one step below, you're not gonna
have a lot of complicated readout information. You want
that link to be simple because that approximates how
the brain is actually using this information. And actually
in practice it turns out that's not always the
case. The readout can be much more much more
complex than linear neurons definitely do a lot of
nonlinear processing. Also, if we are mapping, say, the
whole brain to a large language model or like
even a huge chunk, then it's not the case
that a single neuron or a neuro population is
going to read out from that whole part of
the brain. So biological plausibility, I would say is
some of the kind of Less, it's a less
relevant criterion, at least in the models today, but
if you want to be building biologically plausible models,
that's absolutely something that you also have to keep
in mind.
So just before we go, where can people find
your work on the internet?
Uh, PEOPLE can go to my Google Scholar profile
and uh my lab's website is called Language Intelligence
thought.net. Um, I have a great team of people
here at Georgia Tech, where I started about a
year, a year and a half ago, um, and
yeah, we keep doing work, uh, both in cognitive
neuroscience and in the space of large language models.
Great. So thank you so much for taking the
time to come on the show. It's been a
pleasure to talk with you. Yeah, thank you so
much. Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview
until the end. If you liked it, please share
it, leave a like and hit the subscription button.
The show is brought to you by Nights Learning
and Development done differently, check their website at Nights.com
and also please consider supporting the show on Patreon
or PayPal. I would also like to give a
huge thank you to my main patrons and PayPal
supporters Pergo Larsson, Jerry Mullerns, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyche
Olaf, Alex Adam Castle, Matthew Whitting Barna Wolf, Tim
Hollis, Erika Lennie, John Connors, Philip For Connolly. Then
the Matter Robert Windegaruyasi Zu Mark Neevs called Holbrookfield
governor Michael Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnseroro and
Hal Herzognun Macha Joan Labrant John Jasent and Samuel
Corriere, Heinz, Mark Smith, Jore, Tom Hummel, Sardus Fran
David Sloan Wilson, asilla dearraujuru and Roach Diego Londono
Correa. Yannick Punteran Rosmani Charlotte blinikolbar Adamhn Pavlostaevsky nale
back medicine, Gary Galman Sam of Zallidrianei Poltonin John
Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry,
Franco Bartolotti Gabrielon Corteseus Slelitsky, Scott Zacharyishim Duffyani Smith
Jen Wieman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georgianneau, Luke
Lovai Giorgio Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Vozin, David Williams,
Diocosta, Anton Eriksson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie Martinez,
Coralli Chevalier, bungalow atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior, old
Erringbo. Sterry Michael Bailey, then Sperber, Robert Gray, Zigoren,
Jeff McMann, Jake Zu, Barnabas radix, Mark Campbell, Thomas
Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Storry, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin Galbert,
Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brandon, Nicholas Carlsson, Ismael Bensleyman. George
Eoriatis, Valentin Steinman, Perkrolis, Kate van Goller, Alexander Hubbert,
Liam Dunaway, BR Masoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular John Nertner,
Ursula Gudinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsoff Sean Nelson, Mike
Levin, and Jos Net. A special thanks to my
producers. These are Webb, Jim, Frank Lucas Steffinik, Tom
Venneden, Bernard Curtis Dixon, Benedict Muller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine
and Patrick Tobin, Gian Carlo Montenegroal Ni Cortiz and
Nick Golden, and to my executive producers Matthew Levender,
Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanivets, and Rosie. Thank you for
all.